feat(python/starter-kit): add english translation (#40)
readthedocs-fr/notions: python/starter_kit/en/START_WELL.md

# Starting well with Python

Programming is a domain very interesting, lucrative and vast.
Begin with Python is really often a judicious choice for many reasons.

Here are some of them:
- Python has a very simple syntax, that permits to get compact and lisible codes ;

> - Python is very complete. Concretely, we can do a huge amount of things with it.

Author: Maybe `powerful` or `rich` are better ?

> - Python is very complete. Concretely, we can do a huge amount of things with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Python is very rich. Concretely, we can do a huge amount of things with it.
```

From AI, throught the Web backend, to its utilization in the scientific domains ;
- The language has a huge community of developers with a lot of resources,
 and some of its functionalities make learning easy for the beginners.
(for some reasons hard to explain here, but for instance, the language does not enforce the usage of `;` after each expression).

### Some good resources to learn well

> On the Internet, lots of tutorials/courses to learn development exist, except many
> of them are bad because they teach you bad practices or 
> obsolete things. - [learndev.info](https://www.learndev.info/en)

Indeed, the resources available on the Internet are not always relevant or up-to-date.
That is why, the website [learndev.info](https://www.learndev.info/en) offers adapted and relevant courses,
such as the course of **[ TODO ]**.

> ### What not to do when you begin

Reviewer 2: I think this formulation is a little weird, maybe this one is better ?
```suggestion
### Errors to not do when you begin
```

Author: Indeed, more correct and corresponds better to the original title. Fixed!

Many people begin programming with the idea that is not necessary complicated,
and we can quickly make very big projects without the need to aquire all the bases.
Well, that is mostly a big mistake.

In fact, learn a language whether it is Python or another, need to be done carefully.
You should not try to drive a car without learn to do it. Thus, a lot of beginners 

> in Python launches themselves in libraries too much advanced for them, like `Pygame`, `Tkinter` or such as `discord.py`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in Python launch themselves in libraries too much advanced for them, like `Pygame`, `Tkinter` or such as `discord.py`
```

that need advanced notions such as the Oriented Object Programming, the error handling,
decorators or even the manipulation of threads/async.

If you do not know what is a function, an object or manipulate loops likes `for` and `while` loops,

> you have everything to gain to let your project on a side for a time to consolidate your knowledges and even, make

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you have everything to gain to let your project on a side for a time to consolidate your knowledge and even, make
```

projects at your scale in order to accumulate knowledge for the one that is close to your heart.
Do not be afraid to let a project during several months.
Accumulate frustration by continuously failling on a too ambicious project can disgust you with
programming in general (that would be counterproductive).

### Projects, lots of projects, more projects!

What is better to begin with programming more than give yourself objectives. Have a project
is a very great way to learn. Indeed, after seeing the theory in courses,
begin a project, permits to practice. Practicing is the only way that permits to remember durably.

> Thus, we can begin small and adapted projects to what we learned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, you should definitely find projects adapted to what you're currently learning.
```

Here are some examples:
- A fair price game after seeing loops and conditions ;
- A hangman, when you master the treatment of character strings ;
- A tic-tac-toe in shell, pretty fun and instructive to assimilate the loops.

> Once the basis mastered, do not hesitate to be curious. Relying on your knowledge does not permit to evolve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the basis mastered, do not hesitate to be curious. Relying on your knowledge only does not permit you to improve.
```

There are always things to learn, to experiment or to discover.

### Conclusion

> Python is a really good language to begin in the programming world. Moreover to be easy to learn,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python is a really good language if you're a rookie in the programming world. Not only is it easy to learn,
```

> it permits a huge amount of things. Dispite the fact, it is necessary to practice with the help of projects,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but also it allows you to do a huge amount of things. Despite the fact that it is necessary to practice by working on projects,
```

> it is very discouraged to begin with something too big for yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is very discouraging to begin with something too big for yourself.
```

Author: In fact, the French version is "Il est déconseillé", your change is for "Il est décourageant".
Both versions are true, but it may be better to use "it is not advisable to" for a better translation.

> Finally, if there is only one sentence to remember from that, it would be this one: "Never stop learning".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, if there were only one sentence to remember from all this, it would be this one: "Never stop learning".
```

> # Starting off right with Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Starting Off Right with Python
```

Programming is a very interesting, lucrative and vast domain.
Choosing Python as a first language is really often a judicious choice for many reasons.

Here are some of them:
- Python has a very simple syntax, that permits to get compact and readable codes ;
- Python is very complete. Concretely, we can do a huge amount of things with it.
From AI, to the Web backend, to its usage in scientific domains... the list goes on ;
- The language has a huge community of developers with a lot of resources,
 and some of its functionalities make the learning process easier for beginners.
One example is that the language does not enforce the usage of `;` after each instruction.

> ### Some good resources to get started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Some Good Resources to Get Started
```

> On the Internet, lots of tutorials/courses to learn development exist, except that many

> > of them are bad because they teach you bad obsolete practices. - [learndev.info](https://www.learndev.info/en)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> of them are bad because they teach you bad or obsolete practices. - [learndev.info](https://www.learndev.info/en)
```

In fact, the resources available on the Internet are not always relevant or up-to-date.

> As a solution to solve this issue [learndev.info](https://www.learndev.info/en) was created, aiming to offer adapted and relevant courses,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a solution to solve this issue, [learndev.info](https://www.learndev.info/en) was created, aiming to offer adapted and relevant courses,
```

such as the course of **[ TODO ]**.

> ### Mistakes not to do when you begin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mistakes Not to Do When You Begin
```

Many people begin programming with the idea that it is not necessarily complicated,

> and they can quickly start very big projects without the need to acquire the bases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
thinking they can quickly start very big projects without the need to acquire the basics.
```
`basics` is more accurate than `bases` I think

Well, that is mostly a big mistake.

In fact, when it comes to learning a language (whether it is Python or another), things need to be done carefully.
You should not try to drive a car before learning to do it. And yet, unfortunately a lot of

> Python beginners get to work with libraries that are way too much complicated for them, like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python beginners get to work with libraries that are way too complicated for them, like
```

> `Pygame`, `Tkinter` or such as `discord.py` and whose usage require notions such as the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Pygame`, `Tkinter` or `discord.py` and whose usage require notions such as
```
